Mabasile msft patch 2 (#3170)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/onelake/onelake-storage-tiers.md

## Limitations

> - When using an on-premise data gateway version before June 2026, OneLake transactions resulting from Oracle and Microsoft SQL database mirroring will consume CUs, which previously they didn't. Upgrading to the [latest OPDG version](https://learn.microsoft.com/data-integration/gateway/service-gateway-monthly-updates#june-2026-update-3000322) will halt CU consumption for these transactions. Other mirroring types aren't impacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using an on-premises data gateway version before June 2026, OneLake transactions resulting from Oracle and Microsoft SQL database mirroring will consume CUs, which previously they didn't. Upgrade to the [latest on-premises data gateway version](/data-integration/gateway/service-gateway-monthly-updates#june-2026-update-3000322) to stop CU consumption for these transactions. Other mirroring types aren't impacted.
```
